README.md, before:

# Getting Started with the Response Web Page Sign Up Form Project

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, run:

### `npm install`

Installs all the dependencies that the project requires.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Sign Up app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Published the service to GH pages

README.md, after:

# Sign Up Service

Published to Github Pages - https://praveenksaravanan.github.io/sign-up/


This is a Sign Up service, where a user can register for an imaginary application. It consists of Sign Up feature and a confirmation based on registration.

---

## To run this service in local / development environment

In the project directory, run:

### `npm install`

Installs all the dependencies that the project requires.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## To run your tests in local / development environment

In the project directory, run:

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.


## To prepare a production build

In the project directory, run:

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Sign Up app is ready to be deployed!

## To deploy to Github Pages
In the project directory, run:

### `npm run deploy`

#### Note: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
